Sara-senpai...
I love you.
I never gave you an answer,
and I know it's too late now.
I'm so sorry for pushing you away,
even though you cared for me so much.
I finally understand
how I really feel now.
I'm sorry for being so selfish...
Whether it's the Fuu from the other world
or your fiancée,
I don't want to lose you to any of them.
The Sara-senpai standing here...
isn't the one who belongs to me.
But...
please tell him for me.
You have to tell him this.
I love Sara-senpai.
I truly, deeply love him.
And so...
goodbye.
I finally understand how I feel.
Fuu...
Whether it's the Fuu from the other world
or your fiancée,
I don't want to lose you to any of them.
Fuu!
Where are you?
Please,
talk to me!
I love Sara-senpai.
I truly love him.
It's time to go back.
Where are you going, Fuu?
Sara-senpai?
I...
I can't live
without you.
Really?
Is it really you, Sara-senpai?
The paper cup phone...
remember?
Tap...
tap-tap...
A signal from the universe.
"The Boy Next World My Destiny"
(Episode 9)
Is it true?
Yeah.
Really?
I told you, it's true.
Me from another world?
Yeah.
Because he didn't have a scar.
Everyone said it was memory loss, but...
Did I do anything to you?
No, nothing.
It's just...
he was a Sara-senpai you didn't know.
What about you, Sara-senpai?
Did you see the other Fuu?
No.
It was just like a bad dream.
That's all?
That's all.
I'm sorry.
You didn't do anything wrong.
I finally get it now.
The Sara-senpai I love
is the one standing right here.
If I hadn't pushed you away...
if I hadn't been so stubborn...
you wouldn't have gotten hurt.
And you'd still be...
I'm the one who should apologize.
I'm sorry.
Sara-senpai...
You did nothing wrong.
I'm sorry.
You don't need to apologize.
More importantly,
can you promise me one thing?
I'll promise you anything.
Don't leave me alone.
I promise.
I won't leave you.
Even if you say you hate me,
I'm never letting go.
Well, that's that.
I guess I can finally
retire as Sara's babysitter.
What's with you?
Hey, what's wrong?
This is a good thing, right?
He's back to normal.
Otherwise, there's no way
he'd be that cold to Fuu.
He's had a crush on him since high school.
He even lied and said
he was his girlfriend.
Forget what I just said...
I already knew.
Sara-senpai told me before.
Seriously?
I only found out recently.
Senpai...
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
Why the serious face?
What's up?
I...
I can read minds.
Don't treat me like an idiot.
I'm not, please believe me.
Then right now,
do you know what I'm thinking?
I don't know...
You really think I'd believe that?
Do you think I'm that gullible?
Stop joking around...
I like you.
Ever since I realized how I felt,
I haven't been able to hear your thoughts.
But please believe me about this.
Are you okay?
We were so worried when
we couldn't reach you.
Do you really remember this time?
He's completely back to normal.
Everything's fine.
Well, I haven't forgiven you yet.
And before,
your fiancée even tried to hit Fuu.
Fuu, why didn't you tell me about that?
Because nothing happened.
The other Sara-senpai saved me.
Sara-senpai...
do you love Fuu?
I do.
Then,
from now on,
you have to protect him.
I promise.
You know, we...
we really love Fuu.
If you make us angry,
you'll regret it.
Don't worry.
I love Fuu more than anyone.
Oh, don't get all shy now.
I'm not shy.
It'll be bad if we're late today...
Adachi-kun...
right?
Yes.
Did you need something?
Thank you.
I'm counting on you.
Right now?
Hey, if you have something to say, sing it!
Come on, sing it out!
We've never heard you sing before.
True, let's go to karaoke...
Did you have something to say?
Yeah.
It's about Sara-senpai.
- What? Is he cheating on you?
- Huh?
No!
Listen...
He's been acting really strange lately.
I'll go get it.
Tea?
Bread?
Soda?
Cake?
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
The answer was yogurt.
Then the next day when I got home...
See? Isn't that weird?
You're just bragging
about your relationship.
Seriously.
Listen to me, guys! I'm
actually worried here.
Well...
why don't you just get back at him?
Get back at him?
Yeah, with a surprise.
That's a great idea!
Make it something huge and flashy.
[*sounds of lovey dovey teasing*]
That's great.
Yeah.
Oh, speak of the devil.
Have a good one.
Sorry, guys.
I'll walk you to class.
Don't you have a class too, Sara-senpai?
You promised me you wouldn't skip.
Fine, I get it.
Call me later.
Yes, sir.
I'll be a good boy.
Bye!
Good luck.
Fuu.
Adachi, do you have class now?
No, well...
I need you to come somewhere with me.
Just come with me.
What is it?
Are you in trouble again?
No.
Someone wants to see you.
You'll understand when we get there.
I don't really want to skip class.
Will this be quick?
I finally found you.
What's going on?
She asked me for a favor the other day.
She wanted to clear things up.
Huh?
She was forced into that engagement.
She didn't mean to get in your way.
So, I was hoping you two could make up.
You...
You've been lying to Sara
this whole time, haven't you?
What are you talking about?
Don't play dumb.
You made Sara act like a total stalker.
I don't know how you did it...
but Sara's been acting
strange because of you.
Hey... I thought you were going to make up?
A long time ago...
it was decided that Sara would be mine.
Give my Sara back to me!
Who Sara-senpai belongs to...
is for him to decide.
And besides...
You tricked my friend.
Don't you feel any shame?
That's because you're
the one tricking Sara!
Stop it!
Sara...
The one I love is Fuu.
Sara, listen to me...
Don't ever contact us again.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
That was definitely more than just a slap.
You sewer rat...
Does it hurt?
I'm really okay.
I'm sorry.
This is all my fault.
It's not your fault, Sara-senpai.
But if you ever cheat on
me, that's a different story.
I would never cheat on you.
You're the most
important person in my life.
I told you, didn't I?
I believe you.
Good.
Senpai's birthday...
His phone number...
It's my birthday.
Ta-da!
Oh...
honestly...
(Seiki High School, 27th Graduating Class)
Is this from the year I graduated?
(Thank you)
What is this?
We...
we didn't even know
each other back then, right?
"You made Sara act like a total stalker."
"I don't know how you did it..."
"Sara's been acting
strange because of you."
(I'm sorry. I lied.)
Don't look so annoyed.
I'm just here to pick up the homework.
You could've just gotten it at school.
Look, I have my reasons.
I'm glad to see you're happy and all...
but isn't it about time you told Fuu?
Tell him you're not actually
from a parallel world.
That you've actually
liked him since high school.
Taiga...
You...
Have you been inside my house?
What?
Why are you asking me that?
I hope this world can reach a happy ending.
I truly hope so.